F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\netstandard.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.Common.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Pipes.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Ping.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Requests.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Security.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ObjectModel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Reader.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Writer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Claims.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.SecureString.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Timer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.nativelibrary.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.dynamic_cdecl.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\netstandard.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.Common.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Pipes.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Ping.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Requests.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Security.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ObjectModel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Reader.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Writer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Claims.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.SecureString.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Timer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\netstandard.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.Common.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Pipes.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Ping.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Requests.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Security.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ObjectModel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Reader.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Writer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Claims.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.SecureString.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Timer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.DataView.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Premiun.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Dashboard.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 2\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\netstandard.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.Common.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Pipes.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Ping.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Requests.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Security.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ObjectModel.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Reader.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Writer.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Claims.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.SecureString.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Timer.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Dashboard.resources
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.DataView.resources
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Premiun.resources
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 3\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\netstandard.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.Common.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.Pipes.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Ping.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Requests.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Security.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Reader.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Writer.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Claims.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Security.SecureString.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Timer.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Dashboard.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.DataView.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Premiun.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Dashboard.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.DataView.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Premiun.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Dashboard.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Pair_statistics.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.DataView.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Premiun.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\1.devproject\emian_projects\02.stock_app_api\work\phase 5\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Dashboard.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Pair_statistics.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.DataView.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Premiun.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eo\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Dashboard.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Pair_statistics.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.DataView.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Premiun.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\2021-11-21_bot new version\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe.config
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.Base.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\EO.WebEngine.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Dashboard.resources
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Pair_statistics.resources
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.DataView.resources
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Premiun.resources
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.exe
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\bin\Debug\PairDownloader.pdb
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\Mine\Working\EoBrowser\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2022-05_work\PairDownloader\obj\Debug\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
