C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\PairDownloader.exe.config
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\PairDownloader.exe
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\PairDownloader.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.Base.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebEngine.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.Base.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebEngine.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Memory.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Dashboard.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.DataView.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Premiun.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.exe
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\PairDownloader.exe.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\PairDownloader.exe
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\PairDownloader.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.Base.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebEngine.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Buffers.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Memory.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.Base.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebEngine.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Buffers.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Memory.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Dashboard.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.DataView.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Premiun.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.exe
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.pdb
f:\1.devproject\emian_projects\stock_app_api\work\phase 4\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\PairDownloader.exe.config
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\PairDownloader.exe
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\PairDownloader.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.Base.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebEngine.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.Base.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebBrowser.WinForm.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\EO.WebEngine.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Memory.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\bin\x64\Release\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Dashboard.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.DataView.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Premiun.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.exe
C:\Users\Chahu\Desktop\final_dwonload_2020_10_25_close_error_no_licence\OandaBot_Practice_MarketOrder_Premiun_Strategie_autoanalyse_2021_10_eopw\PairDownloader\obj\x64\Release\PairDownloader.pdb
